# tbi-extractor GearA [Flywheel Gear](https://github.com/flywheel-io/gears/tree/master/spec) to execute [tbiExtractor](https://github.com/margaretmahan/tbiExtractor) which inputs a radiology report and outputs a structured summary containing a set of clinical findings with their respective annotations.## DescriptiontbiExtractor, extends [pyConTextNLP](https://github.com/chapmanbe/pyConTextNLP), a regular expression algorithm using negation detection and contextual features, to create a framework for extracting TBI common data elements from radiology reports. The algorithm inputs a radiology report and outputs a structured summary containing a set of clinical findings with their respective annotations.* The default set of clinical findings (i.e., lexical targets): aneurysm, anoxic, atrophy, cistern, contusion, diffuse_axonal, epidural_hemorrhage, facial_fracture, fluid, gray_white_differentiation, hemorrhage, herniation, hydrocephalus, hyperdensities, hypodensities, intracranial_pathology, intraparenchymal_hemorrage, intraventricular_hemorrhage, ischemia, mass_effect, microhemorrhage, midline_shift, pneumocephalus, skull_fracture, subarachnoid_hemorrhage, subdural_hemorrhage, swelling.* The default set of annotations: present, suspected, indeterminate, absent, abnormal, normal.> For details, see the publication associated with tbiExtractor:> Mahan M, Rafter D, Casey H, Engelking M, Abdallah T, Truwit C, et al. (2020) tbiExtractor: A framework for extracting traumatic brain injury common data elements from radiology reports. PLoS ONE 15(7): e0214775. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0214775### Gear Inputs* **radiology_report** (required): A text file containing a radiology report to be annotated by tbiExtractor.* **corresponding_scan** (required): The corresponding scan (type: NIfTI, PAR/REC, DICOM) to receive the annotations as metadata.### Configuration Settings* **save_target_phrases**: Save the lexical target phrases identified in the report for the resulting annotation. Default is False.* **save_modifier_phrases**: Save the lexical modifier phrases identified in the report for the resulting annotation. Default is False.* **<lexical_target>**: For each lexical target, whether to include it. Default is True.### Gear Outputs* Metadata will be applied to the **corresponding_scan** Gear input containing the output annotations from tbiExtractor.